Add developer docs for vector and matrix classes and handlers (#425)
ORNL/ReSolve: docs/sphinx/developer_guide/vector_matrix_handlers.rst

Vector and Matrix Classes and Handlers
======================================

Background
----------

The purpose of this page is to help new developers understand how Re::Solve
separates data containers, operation handlers, backend workspaces, and memory
spaces. In particular, it explains the difference between vector and matrix
classes and the ``VectorHandler`` and ``MatrixHandler`` classes that operate on
them.

The main distinction is that vector and matrix classes store data, while
handler classes perform operations on that data. This distinction is important

> when writing code that needs to run on CPU, CUDA, and HIP backends.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
when writing code that needs to port to different backends run (e.g. CPU, CUDA, and HIP).
```

Vector and Matrix Classes and Handlers
======================================

Background
----------

The purpose of this page is to help new developers understand how Re::Solve
separates data containers, operation handlers, backend workspaces, and memory
spaces. In particular, it explains the difference between vector and matrix
classes and the ``VectorHandler`` and ``MatrixHandler`` classes that operate on
them.

The main distinction is that vector and matrix classes store data, while
handler classes perform operations on that data. This distinction is important
when writing code that needs to run on CPU, CUDA, and HIP backends.

Public Re::Solve documentation describes Re::Solve as an open-source library
that provides GPU-resident linear solvers. The library contains iterative and
direct solvers designed to run on NVIDIA GPUs, AMD GPUs, and CPU devices.
Because of this, Re::Solve code often needs to separate the high-level solver
logic from the backend-specific details needed to perform matrix and vector

> operations.

Reviewer: This seems self referential.

backend resources.

The major pieces are:

* ``vector::Vector`` objects store vector data.
* Matrix objects, such as ``matrix::Csr``, store sparse matrix data.
* ``VectorHandler`` objects perform vector operations.
* ``MatrixHandler`` objects perform matrix operations.
* ``LinAlgWorkspace`` objects provide backend-specific resources for the
  handlers.
* ``memory::HOST`` describes data stored in host-accessible memory.
* ``memory::DEVICE`` describes data stored in device-accessible memory.

This means that a vector or matrix object is not automatically a CPU or GPU
operation. The data object stores the values. The handler performs the
operation. The workspace gives the handler the backend resources it needs.

This separation helps the same solver path run with different backend
implementations.

Vector Objects
--------------

A ``vector::Vector`` object represents vector data. The vector object is a data
container. It stores the size of the vector and the data associated with that
vector. Before a vector is used, it must be allocated in a memory space.

Simplified example:

.. code:: cpp

   vector::Vector* x = new vector::Vector(n);

>    x->allocate(memory::HOST);

Reviewer: Something isn't rendering here
